Mommy...
Mommy is... here.
You're sure?
I'm certain.
This player ID belongs to Mommy.
The coordinates are right above us!
Kirito!
Wait!
Kirito, what's wrong?
The person at the top of the World Tree
is that important to you?
Be careful, Kirito!
You're about to hit the barrier!
Kirito!
No!
Stop it, Kirito. It's impossible!
You can't get any higher from here!
I've got to go!
I've got to go, can't you see?
Mommy, it's me.
Mommy!
The feelings I've hidden
are crying out in pain
Holding a sure promise in my hand
Seeking only a miracle, I wander
through an endless darkness
If I stay here, I won't
ever see the future again
Tonight the moon summons me again.
Though I still cannot speak,
I keep crying out in my heart
My hidden feelings
are crying out in pain
Holding a sure promise in my hand
If I can stay stronger a bit longer,
I will go beyond
this sky right in front of me
I will reach out towards
the future ahead of me
"The Grand Quest"
Mommy...
Mommy.
Y-Yui? Is that you?
Mommy! Mommy!
I'm right here.
I'm up here...
I'm right here, Yui!
Kirito!
Anything...
Is there anything
I can drop down there?
What is this, anyway?
I tried to use warning mode
to contact her, but...
What's that?
A card?
Leafa, do you know what this is?
No, I've never seen an item like that.
No window, huh?
This...
This is a system-admin access code.
Then, can we use it
to access the GM controls?
No...
You need the appropriate console
to access it from within the game.
Even I can't bring up
the system menu.
I see.
However, something like this wouldn't
just fall from the sky for no reason.
This could be...
Yes!
Mommy must've heard us
and dropped it.
Asuna...
Leafa, tell me something. Where is the
gate that leads inside the World Tree?
Well, it's in the dome
at the tree's base...
B-But you can't get in! It's protected by guardians,
and even the biggest raids couldn't break through!
Still, I have to go...
Thank you so much
for everything.
I'll be going the rest
of the way alone.
Kirito...
--Then let's go.
--Yeah.
--Wh-What?
--Is this an event?
Yui, do you know
the way to this dome?
Yes, go up those stairs and...
B-But are you sure, Daddy?
The information so far indicates that breaking
through the gate will be very difficult.
Our only choice is to try.
Even if we fail, it won't cost us our lives.
That's true, but...
And if I have to waste another second
just standing around, I'm going to go insane.
And you want to see
Mommy soon, right?
Yes.
You who know not the heights of heaven...
Do you desire passage to the king's castle?
"Will you attempt the grand quest
'Guardians of the World Tree'?"
I'm coming, Asuna.
I'll be right there.
Then show that you are worthy of
letting your wings take flight.
Let's go, Yui. Keep your head down.
Good luck, Daddy.
Let's go!
Out of the way!
I can do this!
Down you go.
Down, damn it!
Asuna! Asuna...
Asuna...
Asuna... Asuna...
Just...
Just a little more...
Did I...
"Resurrection Timer"
...die?
Somewhere in my heart,
I believed this world was just a game.
Is this my punishment for that?
My strength is nothing but skills and
status effects determined by numbers.
"Resurrection Timer"
But I thought I could overcome
the rules and limits of
the game and do anything.
A game where
you can die is too easy.
Asuna...
No...
Stay back!
Kirito!
Kirito...
"Spirit's Tear" "Glacial Chunk"
"World Tree Dewdrop"
"Stardust Sand" "Ancient Fruit"
Kirito...
--Thank you, Leafa.
--I-It was nothing...
But don't ever do anything
reckless like that again. I'll be fine.
--I don't want to cause you any more trouble.
--But it's not any...
I...
Kirito?
W-Wait! You can't do it alone!
You may be right...
I am right! So...
But I have to go.
Stop...
Just stop this.
Go back to being your normal self.
I...
I care about you...
Leafa...
I'm sorry.
If I don't get up there,
nothing will end.
And nothing will begin.
I have to see her... one more time.
To see Asuna one more time.
What...
What did you just say?
I said Asuna.
"Asuna Yuki"
That's the name of the person I'm looking for.
But... then...
Then...
She is...
Is that you, Big Brother?
Sugu?
Suguha?
This is awful.
This isn't fair...
--It isn't...
--S-Sugu?
"Are you sure you want to log out?"
Sugu!
Sugu, can I come in?
Don't!
Don't open the door.
Leave me alone...
What's wrong, Sugu?
I mean, I was surprised too.
If you're mad I'm using the
NerveGear again, I apologize.
But I didn't have a choice.
No...
That isn't it.
That isn't...
Sugu?
I... I...
I...
I betrayed my own heart!
I betrayed my love for you...
I was about to forget it all, to give it up.
To fall in love with Kirito...
No, I already had!
But...
L-Love? But we're...
I know.
I already know!
You and I aren't really siblings!
I've known for the last two years.
Wasn't the reason you quit kendo
and started avoiding me
because you knew the whole time?
You were distancing yourself
because I'm not your real sister, right?
If so...
Why are you
being nice to me now?
I was so happy you
came back from SAO.
I was so happy you were being
nice to me, like when we were little.
You were finally giving me a chance...
That's what I thought.
But...
If I'd known this would happen,
I wish you'd stayed cold to me.
If you had,
I wouldn't have realized
my feelings for you...
Or been sad to learn
about Asuna...
Or fallen in love with
Kirito instead of you!
I'm sorry.
Just... leave me alone...
Sugu...
Higher and higher,
I reach out my arms
"Surely, surely..."
I'll wish for it once again
These endless feelings were
swallowed up into my daily life
Swaying as they
change shape yet again
Is it too late now? I ask
myself but receive no answer
It's all up to me now,
both the ending and the beginning
Higher and higher,
I reach out my arms
I'm going to spread my wings
and head towards that gentle light
Carrying the passion
I've lit in my heart
"Surely, surely..."
I'll wish for it once again
Next Time: "Bonds."